What's this code? If you said object, you'd be right.
Wait, what object? That's right.
You've probably learned that this is a "function. "
Yeah, that could be true.
So, is it a function or is it an object?
That's for me to know and you to find out.
In this lesson, you'll learn about this mysterious thing and discover if it's an object,
a function, or a function object.
In the process, you'll learn to write cleaner,
more efficient code and also understand how
powerful Javascript can be in the applications you build.
You'll learn how to pass functions as arguments to other functions,
how to identify when and how scope is created.
You'll also learn how functions can keep track of
the variables around them through a concept called closure.
And finally, you'll use functions that are immediately
invoked after they're declared to manage private data.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6